British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 2: Complex Texts, Literature and Culture.
Lesson 3: Complex Texts, Literature and Culture: Reading Lesson 3.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen to the short text. Focus on the main idea and the key details.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a reading task about diplomacy.
Today you will practise language connected to diplomacy.
Target language: rhetorical structure.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise reading for complex texts, literature and culture. You will learn useful language connected to diplomacy and practise rhetorical structure. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.